this spring when trouble rises
who do you turn to go ahead make me gay
from Vince offer the guy that brought
you the slap job with the guy who
comes an assembly of the most
inappropriate comedy ever I hope it goes
straight to the titties not a lot of
talking
you'll get action about Botox and blow
myself
you get romance I call your
Rihanna cuz my pigs gonna beat it I
guess Chris Brown
you'll get no offended is your
like slanted it isn't just crazy it's
downright let me just know hey hey
da free trips to Africa so I can get the
second low it's gonna make you tell them
about the best exact of a sex as soon as
I came those open up when you
put a devil name I thought he popped an
organ it was like Oh her kidney I just
think I hurt my dick gasps Rob Schneider
is wrong Joe Rodriguez be fuzzy fuzzy
Lindsay Lohan okay you guys got your cha
and I shoot you yeah sure here an Adrian
Brody in his finest performance since
The Pianist the you doing here you
can't suck your Pig easy yeah I know
you're ready to blow I'm just gonna push
your stool in real slow you know
appropriate comedy how do you get
through life like this man this is crazy
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry how does this
help me dry I saw five in theaters this
March